remove premium badge from git overview document (#233)
usebruno/bruno-docs: src/pages/git-integration/overview.mdx

# Collaboration in Bruno

> Bruno’s superpower is the ability to collaborate natively using version control systems like [Git ↗](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git), [CVS ↗](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_Versions_System), etc, and platforms like GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc. This gives you and your teammates confidence that a collection is current as it can live directly next to the application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bruno’s superpower is the ability to collaborate natively using version control systems like [Git ↗](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git), [CVS ↗](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concurrent_Versions_System), etc, and platforms like GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc. This gives you and your teammates confidence that a collection is current, and provides benefits of co-location if you choose to store collections directly alongside your source code.
```

1. Using the terminal or command line to execute Git commands
2. Using the Bruno's GUI-based Git functionality.

>    > GUI-based Git functionality is available within Golden and Ultimate Editions of Bruno.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > GUI-based Git functionality is available within Pro and Ultimate Editions of Bruno.
```
